# De-brief
- What went well?
- What we can do better?
- Overall cost
- Documentation
- What else we can re-use it for?
- Whats next?
  - How could we integrate the education aspect into it? 
  - How might we use the lights into the Wednesday steam?
     (demonstration, program, interact)

# What went well?
- it worked
- highlight of the festival
- light tunnel hardware (PVC) 

# What can we do better?
- Electrical install pre-assembled (in a box or similar)
- power supplies
- time consuming installation (make it more modular), de-installation also time consuming
- extension cables for the data and power could be more cheaply (in time) build
- ability to put up the hardware faster as well (perhaps start with 2D flat and then bend up)
  - try to avoid a step ladder / scaffolding
- get the kids involved!
- list the tunnel as a product as an item for the PTA 

# Overall cost

## Hardware 
- Tunnel base: 23.88+116.24 = 140.12
- Cable ties: $35
- Extension cables: 200ft * 0.16 + $6 = $40
- Programmable lights: 9 * $25 = $225
- Power supplies: $30 
- Microbit (4x): $20ea * 4 = $80

Total: $551

## Documentation
- Tunnel Build (instructables)
- Buckets + PVC
- Attaching lights
- Extension Cables
- Wiring diagram
- Code setup
- Install?

## Re-use
- Walk-a-thon - how might we count laps?
  - Display the amount of being raised in real-time.
  - 9 months away
- Other lights festivals (sold item)

## Class kits (1 per 2 kids)
- 1 microbit 
- alligator clips on the end of the strips
- 4 rechargeable AA batteries connected via JST
- other IO could be added
- 1 LED strip of 10 programmable LEDS 

## Estimated cost
- uBit: $20 ($15 @ Fry)
- alligator: $1
- 4 AA: $6
- 4 AA container: $1
- 1 LED: $2
Total: $25

## Software side
- Examples only - LED examples (into GitHub)

# Related / Other Ideas
- Related: Fund-raising gauge
  - At the auction (Mid March)
  - At the walk-a-thon
  - As a product
- Related: Sound meter to show colors for noise
  - Decibels and a meter
  - As a product 
- Related: Atmospheric pollution meter
  - Show the PPM and perhaps a pollution meter
- Related: Add LEDs to existing products
  - Lights and lasers

# Light tunnel as a product
- Turn-key solutions
- Research other lights festivals

# Actions
- [Steve] Documentation and source code into GitHub 
- [Eric] Research demand for light tunnel and fund raising gauge
  - Research drive through festival of lights
- [Steve+Eric] Prototype the fund raising gauge
- [Steve] Can we program uBit via Android /iPhone / iPad 
- [Eric] Make the classroom kits 2x 
- [Eric] Presentation to the school

